topologymanager: document topology manager policy options promotion to beta (#41718)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/topology-manager.md

### Topology manager policy options

Support for the Topology Manager policy options requires `TopologyManagerPolicyOptions`
[feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) to be enabled(enabled by default).

You can toggle groups of options on and off based upon their maturity level using the following feature gates:
* `TopologyManagerPolicyBetaOptions` default enabled. Enable to show beta-level options.
* `TopologyManagerPolicyAlphaOptions` default disabled. Enable to show alpha-level options.

You will still have to enable each option using the `TopologyManagerPolicyOptions` kubelet option.

The following policy options exists:

> * `prefer-closest-numa-nodes` (beta, visible by default, `TopologyManagerPolicyOptions` and `TopologyManagerPolicyBetaOptions` feature gates have to be enabled)(1.26 or higher)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `prefer-closest-numa-nodes` (beta, visible by default; `TopologyManagerPolicyOptions` and `TopologyManagerPolicyBetaOptions` feature gates have to be enabled).  
  The `prefer-closest-numa-nodes` policy option is beta in Kubernetes {{< skew currentVersion >}}.
```
What happens if you had `TopologyManagerPolicyAlphaOptions` enabled and upgrade? Does `TopologyManagerPolicyAlphaOptions` imply `TopologyManagerPolicyBetaOptions`?

(if not, let's call that out - we might also want to make sure that the release notes make this detail clear).

Author: It doesn't imply it. But since we have only one option which is also graduating to beta and beta options are enabled by default, it shouldn't require changes to kubelet config unless someone explicitly enabled `alpha` options and disabled `beta` options.
